README.md, before:

# OneSignal Rust API Sample

![OneSignal](./assets/onesignal-banner.png)

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://documentation.onesignal.com/docs/onboarding-with-onesignal" target="_blank">Quickstart</a>
  <span>&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
  <a href="https://onesignal.com/" target="_blank">Website</a>
  <span>&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
  <a href="https://documentation.onesignal.com/docs" target="_blank">Docs</a>
  <span>&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
  <a href="https://github.com/OneSignalDevelopers" target="_blank">Examples</a>
  <br />
  <hr />
</div>

## 👋 Welcome

OneSignal makes messaging customers simple. OneSignal is the fastest and most reliable service to send push notifications, in-app messages, SMS, and emails.

## 🚦 Getting started

## ❤️ Developer Community

Please join the [OneSignal Developer Community](https://onesignal.com/onesignal-developers) for additional resources.

Get in touch with us or learn more about OneSignal through channels below.

- [Follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/onesignaldevs) to never miss any updates from the OneSignal team, ecosystem & community
- [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/EP7gf6Uz7G) to be a part of the OneSignal Developers community, showcase your work and connect with other OneSignal developers
- [OneSignal Blog](https://onesignal.com/blog/): Announcements, tutorials, in-depth articles & more
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCe63d5EDQsSkOov-bIE_8Aw/featured): Video walkthroughs, courses, talks, workshops & more
- [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/onesignaldevelopers): Livestreams, office hours, support & more

### Show you support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you and watch this repo to stay up to date.

Commit message:

Add steps to run the project

README.md, after:

![OneSignal](./assets/onesignal-banner.png)

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://documentation.onesignal.com/docs/onboarding-with-onesignal" target="_blank">Quickstart</a>
  <span>&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
  <a href="https://onesignal.com/" target="_blank">Website</a>
  <span>&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
  <a href="https://documentation.onesignal.com/docs" target="_blank">Docs</a>
  <span>&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
  <a href="https://github.com/OneSignalDevelopers" target="_blank">Examples</a>
  <br />
  <hr />
</div>

# OneSignal Rust API Sample

OneSignal makes engaging customers simple and is the fastest, most reliable service to send push notifications, in-app messages, SMS, and emails.

This project demonstrates sending push notifications using the OneSignal Rust API client. You can use this project as a boilerplate or reference to start your project.


## 🚦 Getting started

This project assumes that you already have a OneSignal app created with push notifications setup. If you don't yet have a OneSignal app, [create one](#) first, then follow the steps to [integrate the OneSignal SDK](#) into your Android or iOS app.

### Steps

1. Make a copy of `.env.example` and rename it to `.env`
2. Replace the variable descriptions with its respective value from your OneSignal app on the dashboard.
3. Run the command `cargo run`

## ❤️ Developer Community

Please join the [OneSignal Developer Community](https://onesignal.com/onesignal-developers) for additional resources.

Get in touch with us or learn more about OneSignal through channels below.

- [Follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/onesignaldevs) to never miss any updates from the OneSignal team, ecosystem & community
- [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/EP7gf6Uz7G) to be a part of the OneSignal Developers community, showcase your work and connect with other OneSignal developers
- [OneSignal Blog](https://onesignal.com/blog/): Announcements, tutorials, in-depth articles & more
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCe63d5EDQsSkOov-bIE_8Aw/featured): Video walkthroughs, courses, talks, workshops & more
- [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/onesignaldevelopers): Livestreams, office hours, support & more

### Show you support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you and watch this repo to stay up to date.
